Add guidance about IAM to User Guide (#2683)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/user_guide/modeling_topics/iam.rst

However, because PV modules are rated with irradiance at normal incidence,
the reduction at normal incidence is implicit in the PV module's power rating
and does not need to be accounted for separately in a performance model.
Therefore, only the extra reduction at non-normal incidence should be modeled.

This is done using incidence angle modififer (:term:`IAM`) models.
Conceptually, IAM is the fraction of incident light that is
transmitted to the PV cell, normalized to the value at normal incidence:

.. math::

   IAM(\theta) = \frac{T(\theta)}{T(0)},

where :math:`T(\theta)` represents the transmitted light fraction at AOI :math:`\theta`.
IAM equals (by definition) 1.0 when AOI is zero and typically approaches zero
as AOI approaches 90°.  The shape of the IAM profile at intermediate AOI
is nonlinear and depends on the module's optical properties.

IAM may also depend on the wavelength of the light, the polarization of the light,
and which side of the module the light comes from.  However, IAM models usually
neglect these minor effects.

In pvlib, IAM is a unitless quantity (values from 0–1) and IAM functions take

> input angles in degrees.

Author: ```suggestion
IAM functions in pvlib take an input angle in degrees and return a unitless ratio
in the range 0–1.
```

.. _iam:

Incidence angle modifier
========================

Some fraction of the light incident on a PV module surface is reflected away or
absorbed before it reaches the PV cell.  This irradiance reduction depends
on the angle at which the light strikes the module (the angle of incidence,

> :term:`aoi`) and the optical properties of the module.

Reviewer: AOI is capitalized elsewhere.  Can it be here too?

Some reduction occurs at all angles of incidence, even normal incidence.

> However, because PV module testing is performed at normal incidence,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, because PV modules are rated with irradiance at normal incidence,
```

There are test protocols for measuring the IAM that steer modules away from normal to the solar vector.

the reduction at normal incidence is implicit in the PV module's power rating
and does not need to be accounted for separately in a performance model.
Therefore, only the extra reduction at non-normal incidence should be modeled.

This is done using incidence angle modififer (:term:`IAM`) models.  IAM is

> the fraction of incident light that is transmitted to the PV cell, normalized

Reviewer: I would explain in three stages.  First beam IAM, then treating diffuse as many beams, and finally empirical models for the sum of those beams.  Or something like that.

to the value at normal incidence:

.. math::

   IAM(\theta) = \frac{T(\theta)}{T(0)},

where :math:`T(\theta)` represents the transmitted light fraction at AOI :math:`\theta`.
IAM equals (by definition) 1.0 when AOI is zero and typically approaches zero

> as AOI approaches 90 degrees.  The shape of the IAM profile at intermediate AOI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
as AOI approaches 90°.  The shape of the IAM profile at intermediate AOI
```
If you get double spaces, then I get to say use the symbol with a number.
(I don't actually mind the double spaces, rumor is I actually like it, but you know I like teasing you for it regardless :D)
